welcome to Tessa's kitchen and tonight
we're having wonton noodles two ways
you
we love Chinese food tonight we're
making an Asian soup and stir-fry and
for that you're going to need 1 pound of
cooked wonton noodles for the soup
you're going to need half of the wonton
noodles 6 to 7 cups of chicken broth 1
cup of diced or shredded cooked chicken
1 chopped baby bok choy chopped greens
of four scallions and chopped white
onion of four scallions 2 tablespoons of
soy sauce and a quarter teaspoon of
sesame oil
bring your broth up to a boil and adding
your soy sauce sesame oil your white
onion and your bok choy
you
stir and cook for 3 minutes then add
your chicken and your noodles and cook
for an additional 3 minutes
you
serve with some scallions on top
now for the stir-fry you will need a
half a pound to cook wonton noodle one
cup of fresh bean sprouts one cup of
sliced thin baby bok choy chopped greens
of four scallions and chopped white
onion of the four scallions 2 to 3
cloves of minced garlic and for the
sauce you'll need a cup of chicken broth
2 tablespoons of soy sauce 2 tablespoons
of oyster sauce quarter teaspoon of
sesame twill and this is optional 1/2 a
teaspoon of sriracha sauce put a little
heat to it
have your wok on high heat and add 2 to
3 tablespoons of olive oil add your
white onions and your bok choy and stir
then add your garlic cook for one minute
constantly stirring
you
next goes in is your noodles and your
bean sprouts and give it a good stir
add in your sauce and cook for another
two minutes during constantly
you
and it's ready to serve a great meal
with soup and a stir-fry fresher and
better than that Chinese takeout
pack for flavor oh it is so good and
addicting
you
thanks for joining me here in Tessa's
kitchen remember to hit the like button
and also subscribe to my youtube channel
for future videos you can also find me
on Google+ and Facebook until next time
enjoy